## This File will contain the summary of discussions we have during our fornight catchup for this project

### Meeting: 22/08/2021
* Jeff Streamlit presented a demo of the CropNet Model. 
* Project Updates from Stream Leads:
  * 🔸 Nic (CV): has started experimenting on the CV model
  * 🔸 Mawunyo (Report Writing): will share a Google Doc on the article he is writing 
  * 🔸 Dominica (Web): presented a UI mockup of the cassava project page homepage
  * 🔸 Samuel (Agric): is in talks with James for data and IOT integration solutions

Updates from Omar and Louisa:
  * Jetson devices have been requested
  * Omar will reach out to Google contact for cloud resources
  * Nvidia will like to get feedback on the courses and platforms
  * Take courses from Nividia and share impressions and experiences
  
 **❗❗ ACTION POINTS ❗❗**
  * All Members: Take the NVidia courses and provide feedback, write a post, tweet about it etc.
  * Stream Leads: Create channels for the various streams
  * All Members: Reach out to stream leads and join a stream of interest
  * Nic host model on Heroku for other to test
  * KSM prepare data and format for recommending remediation for detected disease
  * Samuel (Agric): Play with the Heroku app once its deployed to give feedback

  

Next Steps
Updates from NVIDIA (Omar/Louisa)
Any other business


### Meeting: 09/08/2021

*  We discussed the workflow for the project and what an end product might look like (Refer to project workflow image).
*  We agreed on a project timeline of 4 weeks from now with the aim of pushing an MVP by the end of August for further iterations
*  We made the following appointments as Stream Leads
  * 🔸 Agric SME: Samuel Yawson, James Aggrey
  * 🔸 **Computer Vision** - Nic, Joel -Supporting
  * 🔸 **Report Writing** - Mawunyo
  * 🔸 **Data Collecting Process** - KSM
  * 🔸 **Web **- Dominica
  * 🔸 **API** - Omar
*  As starting point we will be using cropnet (https://www.tensorflow.org/hub/tutorials/cropnet_cassava) as a baseline. 
Memebers are encourage to familiarising themselves with it.
*  Omar will enquire from Louisa if we could use any of invidia's resources for training/hosting.
*  Considering changing the time for our meetings. Jeff will send out a google form to collate preferable time



